Abstraction - 
------------
- abstract means something which not complete.
1. Abstraction is one of the object oriented programming language concept.
2. Abstraction is one of the basic pillars of object oriented programming language(OOPs).
3. Hiding the internal implmentation details which is unneccessary for that class or interface, and just showing the functionality.
4. In case of abstraction also we are acheiving security, since we are not exposing the internal implmentation details which is unneccessary implmentation for that class or interface.
5. A class can be declared as abstract.
6. `abstract` is a keyword.
7. If a class is abstract then, that class can have any no. of abstract methods.
8. we can declare a non-static-method as `abstract`.
9. Abstract methods doesnt contain a body.
10. abstract class can contain both abstract methods and non-abstract metods(concrete, defined).
11. abstract class can also become a member of the java file.
12. for abstract class also javac compiler generates a `.class` file.
13. If at least one method is declared as abstract then, class must be declared as abstract. 
14. If we declare any class as abstract then, we cant create an Object to that class.(We cant instantiate that class).
15. Abstract class cant be instantiated.
16. We should be careful while declaring class as abstract, i,e if we need to declare abstract methods then only it is advisiable to declare class as abstract.
17. Even though if you are not having abstract methods and still if you are declaring class as abstract then, for an abstract class you cant create an object.
18. if any class is extedning abstract class then compulsary that class must implement all the abstract-methods of the abstract class, if at least one abstract-method is not implemented in the sub-class, then compulsary that sub-class must be declared as abstract.
19. abstract class can contain constructors. Since we can invoke them from the sub-class constructors.
20. constructors are not inheriting to the sub-class but constructors are involving in the execution.
